Add Math pipeline (#1058)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Curator: examples/math/README.md

Reviewer: Hi, can you move this from `examples/math` to `tutorials/text/math`?

Reviewer: Works for me, thanks!

# Math Quality Classifier

This example demonstrates running a model-based math classifier (FineMath)

## Install
Use uv to create the project environment and install Curator with the text extra:

```bash
uv sync --extra text
source .venv/bin/activate
```

- GPU detection: if `nvidia-smi` shows GPUs but the example logs "No gpus found", install `pynvml` so the backend can discover GPUs:

```bash
uv pip install pynvml
```

- For LLM cleanup pipeline, install vLLM:

```bash
uv pip install vllm
```

## Prerequisites

> - GPU(s) with CUDA for the HF model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GPU(s) with CUDA for the Hugging Face model
```
